Let's go ahead and click in this link
We're going to place the source code
within a new directory on our desktop,
and then save the zip file there.
We're then going to head back to the Swagger API page,
and into the Swagger Editor repository.
At this point, we can go to the releases section
and just like Swagger UI,
we can download that source code.
So we'll put both of those
And then let's navigate to that directory
Okay, and then if we take a peek in these
extracted directories, you'll notice that
Swagger nests the folders within each other.
So let's just go ahead and we'll rename the
directory swagger-editor in this case
So we'll cut that,
and then we can clean up these two empty directories.
And now if we take a look,
you'll see the source code for Swagger Editor
as well as the source code for Swagger UI.
In order to run these tools,
we're going to need a web server to host them.
We can quickly install a web server using nodejs,
so make sure node is on your machine.
If you don't have it, just go to nodejs.org
and download the appropriate distribution
for your workstation.
Once you've downloaded nodejs,
we need to install the http server.
It's really simple with node packagemanager.
You just issue the npm and say install,
and then the -g flag for globally,
and then the http server.
This will cause the node package manager
to install the http server and then we just run
an npm install, and once that completes,
we now have an http server
that we can use to host our Swagger tools locally.
The first tool that will stand up is the Swagger editor.
So we're just going to navigate
into our course workspace directory,
and then from here, we're going to use the http
server command that we just installed,
and we point to our Swagger Editor directory
and then we're going to provide two flags.
The first is the -a flag,
and just provide our local IP,
and this will restrict the tool to only being hosted
on our workstation.
And then we're going to specify a port of 8080.
So now we see the http server's up.
We can then go to local host 8080 on our machine,
and here we see the Swagger Editor is now available
for us locally as a tool.
We're going to now head into another command prompt
and into the course workspace directory
where we're going to stand up Swagger UI.
So much like Swagger Editor,
we use the http server command,
and then we're going to point to Swagger UI.
We're going to specify our local IP,
and then we're going to run this tool on port 8081
to avoid any port conflicts.
There we see that it's now stood up.
So let's open up our browser to 8081
and then we need to navigate into the disc directory
and here we see Swagger UI running locally
on our workstation.
So with these tools up and running,
we now have some local tools that we can use
throughout the course to build API definition files.